PROGX-117: :sparkles: New DELETE family endpoint (#903)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/news/2024.md

- bug fix #2 
-->

## June 2024

### <span class="label label-news label-added">ADDED</span> Delete family by code

> Deleting a family was juts possible in the UI and we added an endpoint to allow for API deletion.
> This will also allow you to mass delete family with a script if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting a family was only possible through the UI. Now we are adding a new endpoint to allow family deletion via the API.
```
```suggestion
Deleting a family was juts possible in the UI and we added an endpoint to allow for API deletion.
This will also allow you to mass delete family with a script if needed.
```

Peut-être à valider avec Chris mais pas sûre que ce soit utile de mettre le truc du mass delete? C'est très particulier à un client nan?
